<!-- markdownlint-disable proper-names -->
# TESTNET TERMS OF SERVICE - WALRUS

Last updated: October 17, 2024

By using Mysten Labs Testnet software, technologies, tools, and other services (collectively
**“Testnet”**), you agree to the general Terms of Service and these additional Testnet Terms of
Service (together, the **“Terms”**). If you do not agree, do not participate in Testnet. If you are
using Testnet on behalf of an organization, you represent and warrant that you are an authorized
representative of that organization and have the authority to bind that business or entity to the
Terms.

## Privacy Policy

Please review our [Privacy Policy](../legal/privacy.md), which also governs your use of Testnet, for
information on how we collect, use and share your information. By using Testnet you agree to be
bound by our Privacy Policy.

## Eligibility Criteria

You may use Testnet only if you:

- Are 18 years or older and capable of forming a binding contract with us.
- Are not otherwise barred from participating in Testnet under applicable law.

We may, at our discretion, introduce new or change existing eligibility criteria or conditions we
deem appropriate. Testnet may operate in certain phases, and your participation in any one phase of
Testnet does not guarantee that you will be able to participate in any other phases of Testnet.

## Duration

Testnet will commence on the date we prescribe and continue until terminated at our discretion. We
may change, discontinue, or wipe, temporarily or permanently, all or any part of Testnet, at any
time and without notice at our discretion, including, without limitation, the modification of the
presence, amounts, or any other conditions applicable to the Testnet tokens, without any liability
to you or other Testnet users. We do not guarantee that Testnet tokens will continue to be offered
for any particular length of time and you may not rely upon the continued availability of any
Testnet tokens. In the event of the expiration of Testnet, you acknowledge and agree that your
access to and use of your Testnet tokens will be removed, and all accrued Testnet tokens will be
deleted from the Testnet system. Testnet tokens will not be converted into any future rewards
offered by Mysten Labs.

## Testnet Tokens

During Testnet you may accumulate Testnet tokens, such as through the Testnet faucet, which are not,
and will never convert to or accrue to become Mainnet tokens or any other tokens or virtual assets.
Testnet tokens are virtual items with no monetary value. Testnet tokens do not constitute any
currency or property of any type and are not redeemable, refundable, or eligible for any fiat or
virtual currency or anything else of monetary value, under any circumstances. Testnet tokens are not
transferable between users outside of the Testnet, and you may not attempt to sell, trade, or
transfer any Testnet tokens outside of the Testnet, or obtain any manner of credit using any Testnet
tokens. Any attempt to sell, trade, or transfer any Testnet tokens outside of the Testnet will be
null and void.

## No Warranty

Mysten Labs provides the Testnet platform solely as a developer test environment. Testnet is
provided "as is" and "with all faults." We make no warranties, express or implied, regarding the
reliability, accuracy, performance, or fitness for a particular purpose of the service provided. You
accept all risks associated with the use of Testnet and agree that Mysten Labs, its affiliates, and
its employees shall not be liable for any damages, whether direct, indirect, incidental, special,
consequential, or punitive, arising out of the use or inability to use the service, including but
not limited to lost profits, loss of business, or data loss.

No employee or representative of Mysten Labs is authorized to make any warranties or representations
beyond those stated in this agreement. Any statements made by employees or representatives of Mysten
Labs regarding the service shall not be construed as warranties or representations, and customers
agree to indemnify and hold harmless Mysten Labs from any such statements.

Any deficiencies or errors in the Testnet platform shall not constitute a breach of this agreement,
and customers agree to waive any right to seek a refund or compensation based on such deficiencies
or errors. This "as is, no warranty" provision shall survive the termination or expiration of any
other agreements between you and Mysten Labs.
