# DEVNET TERMS OF SERVICE - WALRUS

Last updated: June 13, 2024

By using Mysten Labs devnet software, technologies, tools, and other services (collectively
“Devnet”), you agree to the general Terms of Service and these additional Devnet Terms of Service
(together, the “Terms”). If you do not agree, do not participate in DevNet. If you are using Devnet
on behalf of an organization, you represent and warrant that you are an authorized representative of
that organization and have the authority to bind that business or entity to the Terms.

## Eligibility Criteria

You may use Devnet only if you:

- Are 18 years or older and capable of forming a binding contract with us.
- Are not otherwise barred from participating in Devnet under applicable law.

We may, at our discretion, introduce new or change existing eligibility criteria or conditions we
deem appropriate. Devnet may operate in certain phases, and your participation in any one phase of
Devnet does not guarantee that you will be selected for any other phases of Devnet.

## Duration

Devnet will commence on the date we prescribe and continue until terminated at our discretion. We
may change, discontinue, or wipe, temporarily or permanently, all or any part of Devnet, at any
time and without notice at our discretion, including, without limitation, the modification of the
presence, amounts, or any other conditions applicable to data you have stored within Devnet, without
any liability to you or other Devnet users.

## No Warranty

Mysten Labs provides the Devnet platform solely as a developer preview. Devnet is provided "as is"
and "with all faults." We make no warranties, express or implied, regarding the reliability,
accuracy, performance, or fitness for a particular purpose of the service provided. You accept all
risks associated with the use of Devnet and agree that Mysten Labs, its affiliates, and its
employees shall not be liable for any damages, whether direct, indirect, incidental, special,
consequential, or punitive, arising out of the use or inability to use the service, including but
not limited to lost profits, loss of business, or data loss.

No employee or representative of Mysten Labs is authorized to make any warranties or representations
beyond those stated in this agreement. Any statements made by employees or representatives of Mysten
Labs regarding the service shall not be construed as warranties or representations, and customers
agree to indemnify and hold harmless Mysten Labs from any such statements.

Any deficiencies or errors in the Devnet platform shall not constitute a breach of this agreement,
and customers agree to waive any right to seek a refund or compensation based on such deficiencies
or errors. This "as is, no warranty" provision shall survive the termination or expiration of any
other agreements between you and Mysten Labs.
