# Site builder commands

We now describe in more detail the commands available through the site builder.

```admonish tip
In general, the `--help` flag is your friend, you can add it to get further details for the whole
CLI (`site-builder --help`) or individual commands (e.g. `site-builder update --help`).
```

## `publish`

The `publish` command, as described in the [previous section](./tutorial-publish.md), publishes a
new site on Sui. The command takes a directory as input and creates a new Walrus Site from the
resources contained within.

The `--epochs` flag allows you to specify for how long the site data will be stored on Walrus. By
default, this is set to `1` epoch.

```admonish danger title="Epoch duration on Walrus Testnet"
On Walrus Testnet, one epoch will last **1 day**. Therefore, consider storing your site for a large
number of epochs if you want to make it available for the following months! The maximum duration is
set to 200 epochs.
```

If you are just uploading raw files without an `index.html`, you may want to use the
`--list-directory` flag, which will automatically create an index page to browse the files. See for
example <https://bin.blob.store>.

The `publish` command will also respect the instructions in the `ws-resources.json` configuration
file. To know more, see the section on [specifying headers and routing](./routing.md).

## `update`

This command is the equivalent of `publish`, but for updating an existing site. It takes the same
arguments, with the addition of the Sui object ID of the site to update.

```admonish note
The wallet you are using to call `update` must be the *owner* of the Walrus Site object to be able
to update it.
```

## `convert`

The `convert` command converts an object ID in hex format to the equivalent Base36 format. This
command is useful if you have the Sui object ID of a Walrus Site, and want to know the subdomain
where you can browse it.

## `site-map`

The `sitemap` command shows the resources that compose the Walrus Site at the given object ID.

## `list-directory`

With `list-directory`, you can obtain the `index.html` file that would be generated by running
`publish` or `update` with the `--list-directory` flag. This is useful to see how the index page
would look like before publishing it—and possibly editing to make it look nicer!
